(Thought about Turkey, Russia, NATO)
(Thought about bulking up all of the geo-politics time and working to eliminate it entirely)

This is my second day keeping track of my goals on mindbloom and already it is quite challenging. I have had a problem with introducing structure into my life for quite some time. This problem likely cost me quite a bit. This is why I'm doing what I can to try to address it right now. I feel quite thankful for lifebloom; this program is really helping me to get my act together and do the things that I set out to do. However it is only the second day that I'm using it so we'll see what happens.

These jourmal entries are not meant to be coherent or grammatically correct or have a correct spelling. More than anything this is just verbal diharhea that I need to get off my chest and possibly go back to in the future. Maybe I'll make some fancy algorithm to determine my mood progression over time. That would be kind of cool.

Now, the funny thing is that this morning I had some thoughts about Russia and Turkey and NATO, and I'm sure that I was quite pleased that Russia and Turkey are taking steps toward each other and how NATO is a war criminal organization which threatens peace and stability. But to be honest, I really really really shouldn't care. I'm re-reading end of stress and I will re-read a lot of the other books that I read to try to extract the main points out of them and post them here where I can properly keep track of them. 

One interesting thought I had today was to create a blog about mathematics and life. I want to talk about how mathematics is used in life, how it shouldn't be used. How its results can help you in life, how they can harm you if missaplied, and so on and so fourth. I want to talk about the concept of balance. I am appreciating this concept more and more nowadays, I really ought to look into eastern philosophy. 

Truth is that balance is everywhere. We can't have the temperature too hot or too cold, we can't wake up too early or too late, we can't work too much or too little. The key to life is balance. But the idea of balance is one of enourmous depth and I would love to understand it further. I feel that it would also help me better understand statistics and machine learning. 

Well, I now have to read Elements of Statistical Learning a bit to finish all my goals for the rest of the day.

I really hope that this lifebloom game will help me to finally properly organize my time and optimally live my life.
